Add security threat submission beta api docs (#16242)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md

---
title: "fileThreatSubmission resource type"
description: "Represents a threat submission related to a file."
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# fileThreatSubmission resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents a threat submission related to a file. It is used to submit suspected malware email attachments to Microsoft 365 Defender for Office. It could also be used to submit false positive cases which should not have been blocked by Microsoft 365 Defender for Office, for example, a safe email attachment.
> 
> Currently, file threat submission is routed to Microsoft 365 Defender for Office. In future, it may be routed to Microsoft 365 Defender for Endpoint. This is a unified interface for file threat submission no matter where it is routed to.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a threat submission related to a file. It is used to submit suspected malware email attachments to Microsoft Defender for Office 365. It could also be used to submit false positive cases which should not have been blocked by Microsoft Defender for Office 365, for example, a safe email attachment.

Currently, file threat submission is routed to Microsoft Defender for Office 365. In future, it may be routed to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint. This is a unified interface for file threat submission no matter where it is routed to.

```

---
title: "fileThreatSubmission resource type"
description: "Represents file threat submission"
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# fileThreatSubmission resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

This is an abstract type for file threat submission. 

It represents file threat submission. It is used to submit suspected malware email attachments to Microsoft 365 Defender for Office. It could also be used to submit false positive cases which should not have been blocked by Microsoft 365 Defender for Office, e.g, safe email attachment.

> Currently, file threat submission is routed to Microsoft 365 Defender for Office. In future, it may be routed to Mcirosoft 365 Defender for Endpoint. This is a unified interface for file threat submission not matter how backend is changed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, file threat submission is routed to Microsoft 365 Defender for Office. In future, it may be routed to Microsoft 365 Defender for Endpoint. This is a unified interface for file threat submission no matter where it is routed to.
```

Inherits from [threatSubmission](../resources/security-threatsubmission.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List fileThreatSubmissions](../api/security-filethreatsubmission-list.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md) collection|Get a list of the [fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Create fileThreatSubmission](../api/security-filethreatsubmission-post-filethreats.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md)|Create a new [fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md) object.|
|[Get fileThreatSubmission](../api/security-filethreatsubmission-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md) object.|

## Properties
| Property | Type   | Description                    |
|:---------|:-------|:-------------------------------|

> | fileName | String | The file name to be submitted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fileName | String | It specifies the file name to be submitted. |
```
